Docs/2019.8/meta updater merge (#1410)
advancedtelematic/aktualizr: docs/ota-client-guide/modules/ROOT/pages/meta-updater-usage.adoc

endif::[]

:meta-updater-github-url: https://github.com/advancedtelematic/meta-updater/tree/master

This page describes advanced features of meta-updater.

== garage-push

> The https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr[aktualizr repo] contains a tool, garage-push, which lets you push the changes in OSTree repository generated by bitbake process. It communicates with an http server capable of querying files with HEAD requests and uploading them with POST requests. In particular, this can be used with https://connect.ota.here.com/[HERE OTA Connect]. If you set `SOTA_PACKED_CREDENTIALS` in your `local.conf`, bitbake will automatically synchronize your build results with a remote server. (See the xref:provisioning-methods-and-credentialszip.adoc[provisioning method and credentials.zip] page for more information.) garage-push can also be used on the command line as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The https://github.com/advancedtelematic/aktualizr[aktualizr repo] contains a tool, garage-push, which lets you push the changes in OSTree repository generated by bitbake process. It communicates with an http server capable of querying files with HEAD requests and uploading them with POST requests. 

This tool is used automatically as part of every normal Yocto build in our xref:get-started::get-started.adoc[quick start tutorials], but can be used manually or used to communicate with another server if desired.

If you set `SOTA_PACKED_CREDENTIALS` in your `local.conf`, bitbake will automatically synchronize your build results with the remote server specified in your credentials file. (See the xref:provisioning-methods-and-credentialszip.adoc[provisioning method and credentials.zip] page for more information.) garage-push can also be used on the command line as follows:
```

Felt weird to say "can be used with OTA Connect" in the OTA Connect docs.
